Updated docs about input object validator and scalar input coercion (#457)
fsprojects/FSharp.Data.GraphQL: docs/type-system.md

```fsharp
let Guid = Define.Scalar(
    name = "Guid",
    coerceInput = // Returns Result<Guid, IGQLError list>
        (fun value ->
            let destinationType = "GUID"
            function

>             // Handle variable value aS JsonElement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Handle variable value as JsonElement
```

            | Variable e when e.ValueKind = JsonValueKind.String ->
                let s = e.GetString()
                match Guid.TryParse(s) with
                | true, guid -> Ok guid
                | false, _ -> e.GetDeserializeError destinationType
            | Variable e -> e.GetDeserializeError destinationType
            // Handle inline value as AST discriminated union object
            | InlineConstant (StringValue s) ->
                match Guid.TryParse(s) with
                | true, guid -> Ok guid
                | false, _ -> getParseError destinationType s
            | InlineConstant value -> value.GetCoerceError destinationType),
    coerceValue = // Returns Guid option
        fun v -> match v with | :? Guid g -> Some g | _ -> None
)
```

> This examples shows how to create a scalar definition for .NET `Guid` type. It requires two functions to be defines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This examples shows how to create a scalar definition for .NET `Guid` type. It requires two functions to be defined:
```

> This examples shows how to create a scalar definition for .NET `Guid` type. It requires two functions to be defined:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows how to create a scalar definition for the .NET `Guid` type. It requires two functions to be defined:
```

> 1. `coerceInput` function, which will be used to resolve your scalar value from variable or directly from value encoded in GraphQL query string (in this case StringValue is just a part of parsed query AST).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `coerceInput` function, which will be used to resolve your scalar value from a variable or directly from a value encoded in a GraphQL query string (in this case StringValue is just a part of parsed query AST).
```

> 1. `coerceInput` function, which will be used to resolve your scalar value from a variable or directly from a value encoded in a GraphQL query string (in this case StringValue is just a part of parsed query AST).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. `coerceInput` function, which will be used to resolve your scalar value from a variable or directly from a value encoded in a GraphQL query string (in this case StringValue is just a part of the parsed query AST).
```

> 2. `coerceValue` function, which will return `Some` only if it fits into scalar's allowed values range, otherwise `None`. Applied while producing return object graph from resolver's outout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `coerceValue` function, which will return `Some` only if the value falls under the scalar's allowed values range, otherwise `None`. Applied while producing the return object graph from the resolver's output.
```
